hello people john here from fast films
and today we're going to take a look at
the 2018 spanish slasher movie called
the barge people the film flips off with
a brief introduction of an old canal in
which more than 150 people have
disappeared over the course of the last
10 months
following the introduction we witness a
young guy jogging along the forest track
up ahead he comes across an injured man
who lays sprawled on the ground
as the young guy turns him over the
blood-battered man warns him to run away
immediately but just then we see someone
raising a steel wrench rod and smashing
it with full force ultimately killing
the jogger the camera now pans to a
couple the girl named cat has arrived on
the scene with her boyfriend mark and
they're here to spend the weekend
in the intermediate time cat's sister
named sophie also arrives with her
boyfriend ben and they all greet each
other
it seems that ben is really busy with
his phone calls and business matters and
doesn't really fancy coming here
nevertheless the group moves on in the
interim we see an old guy walking his
dog in the forest his dog sniffs around
the track and locates a bloodied and
battered shoe
the old man observes it but throws it
down the canal in disgust on the other
hand the group rents a barge from an old
man for their expedition
as they all get on board the owner warns
not to go too deep in the canal
moreover he instructs them to be careful
with the boat as he doesn't want
anything to happen to it
mark agrees with him and they continue
their passage along the canal
meanwhile inside the barge ben is
getting restless and agitated as his
cell phone has lost connection
sophie consoles him and asks him to calm
down and upon that cat asks her if he's
always like this
in reply she tells kat that ben always
has to take care of his business
after the brief convo cat walks up to
the deck and offers some beer to her
boyfriend
mark happily accepts it and observes the
peaceful serenity of the place
during that cat learns to steer the boat
and asks mark's views about ben upon
which he states that he might be
anti-social as she hears it cat requests
mark to make some effort in regard to
building the relationship
on the other hand ben and sophie also
snuggle close to each other and discuss
the journey
mark scrutinizes the situation and
states that he wanted it to be just for
the two of them sophie politely asks him
to make it up to the situation as it's
their first get-together after their
mother's demise
in the meantime the camera shows us an
analyst who's experimenting and
analyzing the water samples from the
canal
as he sits under the bridge someone
observes him from behind the bushes
back at the barge mark stands outside
the lavatory under extreme pressure but
as ben simply enjoys the delay mark
decides to go outside to relieve himself
he does so by going to a spot in the
forest and during his procession he
hears the bushes wrestle behind him the
presence of the unknown scares him and
he hurries back to the boat
meanwhile we see the two sisters talking
to each other about their boyfriends
they both admire each other's partners
and how their mother would have liked
them as well
the girls talk happily with each other
for a long time while the men try their
luck with fishing as mark sits beside
the edge the analyst arrives there and
tells them about the cyanobacteria in
the water which has caused the species
of fish to disappear and they won't find
any fish here
just then mark's net catches the bloody
chew he observes it intriguingly but
ben kicks it back in the water in
discomfort afterwards they continue
their journey along the canal and ben
sits with cat and mark on the barge as
they talk about random things a massive
gate appears in front of them
mark advises ben to go up there and open
the gate using the wrench as the gate
floods open the barge is driven in and
slowly they pass the gates after
crossing them cat comes up to sit with
mark where he states that he's very
tired and would like ben to take control
for some time
upon that cat walks down and asks ben to
take the stick but he refuses straight
away
cat gets annoyed but sophie politely
requests him to do it and manages to
send him up
in the meantime we witness the analyst
walking along the side of the canal when
something creeps up behind him and
attacks him brutally after the blackout
we go back to the barge where ben isn't
a single bit interested in driving nor
does he care about anything
therefore the results show up as he
loses the barges control while using his
phone
their barge hits another boat which is
parked on the side of the canal
the residents of that boat come out and
start arguing and lashing out on them
instantly mark also runs up to the deck
and apologizes to the couple but the
abuse escalates and ben calls the woman
a monkey which enrages them extensively
on the other hand the analyst regains
consciousness in a dimly lit room while
sustaining intense injuries
just then we witness the poor guy being
brutalized by a huge figure who stabs
him repeatedly with a meat cleaver until
the sorrowful guy dies mercilessly
the sun sets now and as the night falls
in the group parks the barge on a side
and they walk through the dense forest
ben remarks that this place was not on
the guide but they move ahead anyway on
their way they come across the old man
who asks them about his missing dog
furthermore he warns them about the
dangers of this place at night and
advises them to leave at once but the
group considers him a wreckage and crazy
old person so they ignore his warnings
and move forward after a while they
arrive at a pub where a creepy lady is
the bartender
they ask if she has any meat but she
replies that they don't have it now
the girls walk away to the bathrooms
while the guys eventually rely on having
white wine
as they sit on the table the rowdy
couple from the other boat also arrive
at the pub and talks to the creepy
bartender who advises them not to mess
this up
in the interim sophie and cat also
return to join the boys and the couple
also arrives at their table and starts a
row
the fight escalates and the guys hold
each other's collars when suddenly the
bartender woman takes them at gunpoint
the ruffians then leave the place before
giving a killing threat later as an
apology the lady offers them a special
whiskey which turns out to be extremely
strong
the group gets drunk from the effect and
they all stagger to the barge while the
barge owner observes them from a
distance
inside ben goes to the bedroom to sleep
in while mark sits with the girls as
they're talking they suddenly hear a
clatter outside and mark walks outside
to check it he strolls across the barge
and finds a cross marked on the board
with blood
just then the infuriated guy lunges on
him from behind and knocks him down
meanwhile the girls inside get to know
that something bad has happened and the
guy named ricky walks down the stairs
and throws mark on the ground
back outside the girl named jade comes
out with her younger brother and asks
him to keep a lookout the boy puts a
cigarette in his mouth and stands
outside while inside the living area we
witness that the couple takes everyone
hostage and ricky puts a knife to cat's
throat during the whole procession the
camera pans outside and the kid's eyes
flash to the canal and in the water he
perceives the horrifying sight of a
deformed humanoid creature emerging from
the surface he stands aghast in horror
and suddenly turns around to find
another creature upon him who attacks
the boy brutally
back inside the boat we witness the
couple performing the atrocities on cat
and her companions when suddenly the kid
staggers down the stairs with a bleeding
neck
jade rushes to her dying brother while
ricky hunkers down against the wall in
sheer grief
as they all mourn over the tragedy the
monster steps down the stairs and the
scene fades out
after a while cat wakes up to find
everyone fastened around with ropes
mark also wakes up and they look around
to witness the terrorizing sight of the
monster feeding on the boy's flesh
in the meantime ricky is tied up in the
bathtub while the cannibal monster lurks
behind the curtain
during the course of events mark
struggles to get free and he manages to
cut the ropes for himself as well as for
cat
suddenly ben wakes up and screams in
terror as he sees the creature the
monster looks up as well and proceeds to
attack them but mark intervenes and
starts fighting the beast eventually
stabbing the monster with his own
machete
in the interim ricky also gets ravaged
by the cannibal who attacks him in the
bathtub and tries to eat him alive on
the other hand sophie tries to run away
but a monster follows her to the bedroom
and starts closing in on her
the fights go on and ben arrives in the
bedroom where he finds sophie to be
unconscious he cries for her and pleads
to the monster to spare him but the
creature lends no mercy and starts
eating him as well
on the other hand mark and jade manage
to bash one creature down and they run
to fight the other one
jade frees her boyfriend and they decide
to leave at once mark advises cat to go
with them and contact the local police
station and get help while he stays here
despite cat's pleas mark decides to
distract the monsters and pave a path
for them
as they leave mark runs to the bedroom
where the creature kills sophie and his
mark lunges towards him with a knife he
ends up stabbing ben instead he gapes in
horror at the act he just committed and
suddenly the monster overpowers him
back outside the couple limps away and
cat follows them she tries to convince
them to help everyone and they
eventually agree and start finding their
way through the forest
unfortunately the creatures surround
them again and one monster rips off
ricky's arm
afterwards he brutally eats him until he
dies away furthermore he begins to
attack jade and the situation worsens
but cat comes to rescue just in time and
smashes a machete in the creature's face
escaping from the carnage they run away
in the forest but jade halts and claims
that she isn't going any further and
states that she has lost everything cat
gets argumentative and replies that she
has suffered as well but this time is
not for them to argue about everything
therefore they have to move ahead and
help mark the scene now shifts to an old
wrecked shed where we see mark being
held captive in a cage
he asks the creatures to let him go free
but the monster claims that they like to
feed on their flesh and enjoy their
suffering
during the time the girls arrive there
and jade offers her help to distract the
creatures so that cat can free mark from
the cage
eventually she implements her plan and
charges at the creatures and kills one
of them by stabbing him in the chest
the other one then attacks her and a
massive fight erupts between the two of
them behind their backs cat manages to
liberate mark from the cage and they
both run away to an empty shed where she
lays him down he speaks to her in a
melancholic tone and asks her to get
help right away
after much consideration she agrees and
runs away through the forest until she
comes across a car on the road she jumps
in front of it and asks the driver for
help he lets her inside and they drive
away during the ride she explains
everything that has happened so far and
how frightening it is
in the dark night their drive comes to a
halt as the car's tire gets punctured
despite cat's warnings the man gets out
to change the tire and suddenly the
creature appears in front of the car
he holds an axe and he doesn't even
flinch before using it on the man
he brutally murders him with the axe and
enters the car's cabin to capture cat
but she flees from the other side
for the safety of her dear life she
dashes through the forest while the
creature chases her nevertheless she
manages to return to the shed but finds
out that mark is not there
suddenly the creature arrives there as
well and the battle begins between the
two of them
cat manages to throw him down after some
struggle and then uses a wooden plank to
ultimately kill him
afterwards she staggers to a side where
she falls down in a ditch
there she comes across the old man who
warned them about the dangers
the elderly man then explains that these
deformed cannibals were banished and
exiled from the society 35 years ago and
since then they've been living in the
canal and feeding on the tourists
as he finishes his talk suddenly another
creature appears in the cavern and cat
witnesses him dragging away sophie's
body she cries in grief and terror and
tries to hide but the creature locates
her and knocks her unconscious with a
rock
cat then wakes up again and comes face
to face with the pub lady who feeds her
a bowl of meat soup cat becomes hesitant
upon eating it but the lady ensures that
it's their new batch of meat but reality
dawns on her soon and it becomes known
that it's sophie's meet
cat recoils in utmost disgust in anguish
but suddenly two creatures arrive there
as well and the lady claims them to be
her family
the monsters then lunge a cat but she
frees herself and runs aside to grab the
shotgun
in one burst she kills one of the
monsters and stabs the other one in the
head with a spoon
she pushes his head hard on the table
and kills him afterwards she runs
outside where she witnesses the aged
barge owner standing outside with mark
on the front
in front of cat's eyes he brutally kills
her boyfriend and states that he wanted
her to feel what it's like to lose your
family
following the turmoil the bartender lady
also arrives there and both the cannibal
heads drag cat away and put her away in
a cell as their food for the morning
she cries in helplessness the following
morning we see the old man driving the
barge back in the canal and looking for
more victims
and with that the movie comes to an end
thanks for watching guys